Feat/add ios version management (#1914)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/dev/test-configuration-options.md

This is mandatory for Android Emulators and iOS Simulators. You can find the available versions in our [Platform Configurator](https://saucelabs.com/platform/platform-configurator).

:::info Info

> iOS Simulators now support the values `latest`, `current_major`, or `previous_major` as the `appium:platformVersion`. These values will automatically use the latest, current major, or previous major version of iOS for your specified Simulator. Read the documentation for [iOS Version Management](/mobile-apps/features/ios-version-management) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
iOS Simulators now support the values `latest`, `current_major`, or `previous_major` as the `appium:platformVersion`. These values will automatically use the latest, current major, or previous major version of iOS for your specified Simulator. See [iOS Version Management](/mobile-apps/features/ios-version-management) for more information.
```

> iOS Simulators now support the values `latest`, `current_major` or `previous_major` as the `appium:platformVersion`. These values will automatically use the latest, current major, or previous major version of iOS for your specified Simulator. Please read the documentation for [iOS Version Management](/mobile-apps/features/ios-version-management) for more information.

Author: ```suggestion
iOS Simulators now support the values `latest`, `current_major`, or `previous_major` as the `appium:platformVersion`. These values will automatically use the latest, current major, or previous major version of iOS for your specified Simulator. Read the documentation for [iOS Version Management](/mobile-apps/features/ios-version-management) for more information.
```
